Fixes #927 (#1090)
SeleniumHQ/seleniumhq.github.io: website_and_docs/content/documentation/test_practices/encouraged/fresh_browser_per_test.en.md

If spinning up a new virtual machine is not practical,
at least start a new WebDriver for each test.
For Firefox, start a WebDriver with your known profile.

> FirefoxDriver will start with a clean known state, by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most browser drivers like GeckoDriver and ChromeDriver  will start with a clean known state with a new user profile, by default.
```

```java

> WebDriver driver = new FirefoxDriver();

Reviewer: And please remove the line `For Firefox, start a WebDriver with your known profile.`
